today
Who was the man we saw in prison?
Feels a little familiar
Familiar of course familiar
He just wants to kill you
But he doesn't look like a bad guy.
Solid, people can't look good
It's because of the poetry that gets in the way
That's why our father and daughter have been separated for many years
He also sold you to a fraud syndicate
Made you suffer
Did you forget all this?
He is your enemy.
Do you remember?
I am your father
I won't lie to you.
Father, I believe in you
17 2 That woman stole everything from me
And almost made it impossible for us women to go on blind dates forever
He is the person you hate the most
Look at this.
This is what he left behind when he hit you
He destroyed our family before
It's You
Is your eternal enemy
You must remember to kill him
As long as you dare to do anything in October
I will let you die at the hands of your own daughter